---
title: My Blog 4
layout: post
author: ben.harper
permalink: /my-blog-4/
source-id: 1wl3sNtYVubI3AWaibFH3ilb51bhsiRD4axwPC-wNdmI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My blog is not running because of a coding problem</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add a table and to start our spreadsheet work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, I managed to get my blog up and running by fixing the code and I was able to add a background aswell. I also learnt a lot about google spreadsheets.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt y collaborating with others as I had missed two lessons and this was very effective. I added a table and caught up with all the work, which was a relief. When it came to the spreadsheets I just listened and tried to understand as best I could. I do think that a bit more experimenting will be required to fully grasp how we do what we have to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on not missing lessons! But after that I probably need to communicate more effectively with my peers so I can catch up and realise how to do it. As I am currently just getting what I have to do for the lesson, rather than how I do it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to figure out what is making my blog not upload, by looking at the code and reading what the problem is. Also I think that I could try and be more creative with my blog and take more risks so I can see what happens and hopefully get it right.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


